docs: add info about unsupported CAs and node (#2415)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/guides/auth/nextcloud.md

    CMD_OAUTH2_USER_PROFILE_DISPLAY_NAME_ATTR=ocs.data.display-name
    CMD_OAUTH2_USER_PROFILE_EMAIL_ATTR=ocs.data.email
    ```

> !!! info
>     If you are using a [CA not trusted by node](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/4175) (like letsencrypt e.g) for your nextcloud instance you can set the [`NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_node_extra_ca_certs_file) environment variable to the CA certificate file path of your CA.  
>     Remember to also make the file available inside the Docker container, if you're running HedgeDoc in Docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info
    If you are using a [CA not trusted by Node.js](https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/4175) (like Let's Encrypt e.g) for your Nextcloud instance you can set the [`NODE_EXTRA_CA_CERTS`](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#cli_node_extra_ca_certs_file) environment variable to the CA certificate file path of your CA.  
    Remember to also make the file available inside the Docker container, if you're running HedgeDoc in Docker container.
```
